Updated readme (#42)
qonversion/cordova-plugin: README.md

## Have a question?

> Contact us via [issues on GitHub](https://github.com/qonversion/qonversion-ios-sdk/issues) or [ask a question](https://documentation.qonversion.io/discuss-new) on the site.

Author: ```suggestion
Contact us via [issues on GitHub](https://github.com/qonversion/cordova-plugin/issues) or [ask a question](https://documentation.qonversion.io/discuss-new) on the site.
```
